                            1. License Text
                            ----------------
                            This is my own work and can do with it as I please!


                            Preamble

                            2. License Grant
                            ------------------
                            You (the licensor) can do whatever the fuck you want.The Author simply doesn't care about what you do with it.

                            Ever wonder what IDGAF stands for anyways?

                            Well, wonder no more;
                            *I
                            *Don't
                            *Give
                            *A
                            *Fuck

Basically, as long as you mention the Original author and send a beer/cookie his/her way, we'll all be fine,

if you don't, we know people in low places. People that can come into your house at night. People that know your family.

People that can do stuff, like my friend Carlos, he can do stuff.

Nasty stuff.

Stuff you wouldn't want happening. Capisce?

                           3. Restrictions
                           -----------------
                           Your're not allowed to bitch about the work, Not Ever.

                   Don't whine about how bad the memory leaks are or how the storyline sucks,

                            if you don't like it, change it or stop using it.

                          Face it, No-one gives a fuck, Do better or shut the fuck up!

You're free to compliment the Original author on his/her choice of wardrobe, though, it helps to compliment the Author on his/her good hair day and perfect abs.

Donations are also an acceptable form of praise.


                           4. Liability
                           --------------

                           The Author disclaims any liability regarding the use of the work provided.

                           Seriously, none, No claims are made regarding the usefulness or safety of the work provided herein.

                           If you manage to blow yourself up using this Work, the Author will applaud your commitment to getting your name on the Darwin Awards list.

                           Expect no mercy nor sympathy.

                           5. Termination.

